OBSDOCS-819: Add and implement attributes for the Cluster Monitoring … (#78628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-maintenance-and-support.adoc

[id="maintenance-and-support_{context}"]
= Maintenance and support for monitoring

> Not all configuration options for the monitoring stack are exposed. The only supported way of configuring {product-title} monitoring is by configuring the {cmo-first} using the options described in the "Config map reference for the {cmo-short}". *Do not use other configurations, as they are unsupported.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all configuration options for the monitoring stack are exposed. The only supported way of configuring {product-title} monitoring is by configuring the {cmo-full} using the options described in the "Config map reference for the {cmo-full}". *Do not use other configurations, as they are unsupported.*
```
